Add OAuth 2.0 Config (#8761)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/configuration/configuration.md

  # It is mutually exclusive with `credentials`.
  [ credentials_file: <filename> ]

> # Optionally configures OAuth 2.0 authentication using the

Reviewer: Can we have that in a specific section instead of repeating eveywhere? this is a lot of parameters.

# client credentials grant type. Fetches the token from the
# specified endpoint using the client access and secret keys.
# Cannot be used at the same time as basic_auth, authorization, or sigv4.
oauth2:
  [ client_id: <string> ]
  [ client_secret: <secret> ]

  # Read the client secret from a file instead of specifying the value
  # in `client_secret`.

>   [ client_secret_file: <string> ]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [ client_secret_file: <filename> ]
```

  # It is mutually exclusive with `credentials`.
  [ credentials_file: <filename> ]

# Optionally configures OAuth 2.0 authentication using the
# client credentials grant type. Fetches the token from the
# specified endpoint using the client access and secret keys.
# Cannot be used at the same time as basic_auth, authorization, or sigv4.
oauth2:
  [ client_id: <string> ]
  [ client_secret: <secret> ]

  # Read the client secret from a file instead of specifying the value
  # in `client_secret`.
  [ client_secret_file: <string> ]

  # Optionally specify scopes for the token.
  scopes:
    [ - <string> ... ]

  # The URL to fetch the token from.
  [ token_url: <string> ]

  # Optional parameters to append to the token URL.

>   # Takes the form of `- name: value`.

Reviewer: You already specify the form, it is not needed to explicitly write it.

also, this is not - name: value, it should be {name: value}

  [ credentials_file: <filename> ]

# Optionally configures AWS's Signature Verification 4 signing process to

> # sign requests. Cannot be set at the same time as basic_auth, authorization or oauth2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# sign requests. Cannot be set at the same time as basic_auth, authorization, or oauth2.
```

  # AWS Role ARN, an alternative to using AWS API keys.
  [ role_arn: <string> ]

# Optionally configures OAuth 2.0 authentication.
# Cannot be used at the same time as basic_auth, authorization, or sigv4.
oauth2: [ <oauth2> ]

> 

Reviewer: why 2 new lines?

Reviewer: This is still here

  # It is mutually exclusive with `credentials`.
  [ credentials_file: <filename> ]

# Optionally configures OAuth 2.0 authentication.

> # Cannot be used at the same time as basic_auth, or authorization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Cannot be used at the same time as basic_auth or authorization.
```

Reviewer: I would remove 'Optionally' (also from sigv4)

Reviewer: maybe just `Optional OAuth2 configuration. Cannot be used at the same time as basic_auth or authorization.`

oauth2: [ <oauth2> ]

> 

Reviewer: why 2 new lines?

There is a list of
[integrations](https://prometheus.io/docs/operating/integrations/#remote-endpoints-and-storage)
with this feature.

### `oauth2`

OAuth 2.0 authentication using the client credentials grant type.
Prometheus fetches an access token from the specified endpoint with 
the given client access and secret keys.

```yaml

> [ client_id: <string> ]

Reviewer: I am wondering now if we should make some of them mandatory. What does the spec say?

Author: Definitely mandatory. I think my original code checked for that but it got lost along the way, my bad.

Author: I can go deal with it later.

Author: prometheus/common#294

Reviewer: I have release 2.23.0, you can update and remove the square brackets :)

> [ client_id: <string> ]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
client_id: <string>
```

[ client_secret: <secret> ]

> # Read the client secret from a file instead of specifying the value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Read the client secret from a file.
# It is mutually exclusive with `client_secret`.
```

# in `client_secret`.
[ client_secret_file: <filename> ]

# Specify scopes for the token request.
scopes:
  [ - <string> ... ]

# The URL to fetch the token from.

> [ token_url: <string> ]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
token_url: <string>
```

>   [ token_url: <string> ]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ token_url: <string> ]
```

There is a list of
[integrations](https://prometheus.io/docs/operating/integrations/#remote-endpoints-and-storage)
with this feature.

### `oauth2`

OAuth 2.0 authentication using the client credentials grant type.

> Fetches the token from the specified endpoint with the client access and secret keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this section, Prometheus fetches an access token from the specified endpoint with the given client access and secret keys.
```

What about something in these lines?

Author: I would remove `With this section`, but the rest sounds good.

```yaml
[ client_id: <string> ]
[ client_secret: <secret> ]

# Read the client secret from a file instead of specifying the value
# in `client_secret`.
[ client_secret_file: <filename> ]

> # Optionally specify scopes for the token.

Reviewer: I would not add Optionally

> # Optionally specify scopes for the token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Scopes for the token request.
```
